<!--
.. title: TWBlue 2024.05.23 has been released
.. slug: 2024.05.23
.. date: 2024-05-23 18:01:59 UTC-05:00
.. tags: 
.. category: 
.. link: 
.. description: 
.. type: text
-->

today we are pleased to announce the release of a new version of TWBlue. This version of TWBlue arrives with little time difference with respect to version 2024.5.19. The reason for releasing this new version so early is due to a fix for a critical bug that occurred when displaying posts that included unicode characters in the text. It is also now allowed to read full posts from the invisible interface, support for updating conversations for community buffers and more. Remember that if you like the project and wish to contribute to its development, you can [make a donation](https://twblue.mcvsoftware.com/donate) and help us to keep updating this software.<!-- TEASER_END --> Here is the list of changes since the last version:

* Core:
    * The way sessions are named has been changed. Now the account is indicated first, followed by the social network it belongs to.
    * An option has been added to the global options dialog that allows for the reading of long posts in the graphical interface. This is especially useful since, by default, the graphical interface can only display a limited number of characters in the post.
    * Some options that are no longer necessary in the application have been removed from the global settings dialog.
* Mastodon:
    * fixed an error that caused TWBlue to not display some posts correctly.
    * Fixed name for community timelines when created during startup. Now it should be clear if it's a federated or local timeline.
    * Defined shortcuts to fields on the update profile dialog so it will be easier to navigate.
    * Now it is possible to load conversations directly from community timelines.

As always, you can download the latest version of TWBlue, if you haven't done so already, through our [Downloads Page](https://twblue.mcvsoftware.com/downloads) or from [GitHub releases.](https://github.com/mcv-software/twblue/releases) TWBlue users can update the application automatically. You can also report bugs or suggest new features through our Mastodon account at [@twblue@maaw.social](https://maaw.social/@twblue) or via our [Issue Tracker at GitHub](https://github.com/mcv-software/twblue/issues).